Ha what a looser can't even rob someone.
Well that failed.
what did you think was going to happen trying to rob a homeless man.
The police station probably wasn't the best place to rob.
Ewww that guy just had a mouldy choclate bar. You touched it.
And thats your future too. Absolutely nothing.
Fuck, you had a hole in your pocket and now your gold is all over the street.
I gusse the 'empty' sign on the vault really did mean empty.
Live streaming the fact that you were going to rob someone, might have given the police a clue or two.
Better luck next time.
That's right you stole fake gold.
 
Wooo! Sweat sweat gold.
Who even just leaves gold sitting around in their garden?
Wow. I bet you didnt know this breif case was full of gold before you went to rob the guy.
Funny that. A jewellery shop having lots of gold tings.
Gold comes out of their pocket. Gold goes into your pocket.
How do you live with yourself knowing that this gold was someone's life savings?
It only took a few months but you successfuly shaved all thoes gold coins just enough that nobody would realise they got any smaller.
 
It's a shame you ruined that alchemist's secret to turning lead into gold. You could have been even more rich.
How did you even find a room completely filled with gold. Now if only you knew your way back.
What does a nobel need gold for anyway?
Stealing from royalty? Now that's treason.
An alternative reality where everything is gold? That was a good place to set the teleporter's quords to.
Woah, dude a dragons lair? How did you even escape?
Your like robin hood. Stealing from the rich. Oh... I gusse your keeping it for your self arn't you.
 
The early bird gets the worm, or in this case a 10% increase in their chance for gold! Use the `&steal` command before 7 am for a 10% increase in your chance of getting a higher gold return.
It's the Lunch time rush! Quick steal from someone while there are so many people around. Use the `&steal` command during the 12th hour for a 10% increase in your chance of getting a higher gold return.
Dinner time dash! The streets are so busy, nobody would see your face. Use the `&steal` command during the 20th hour for a 10% increase in your chance of getting a higher gold return.
Midnight protection! The sun ain't out so whos gonna see you? Use the `&steal` command during the 0th hour for a 20% increase in your chance of getting a higher gold return.
 